1) Write a function called sum that takes two variables and
returns the result of the sum

2) Write a function called sum that takes  two strings as input and 
prints the concatenated string. example if hello and world are pssed
result should hello world

3) Declare capital cities of countries in a list. Add one city which is not a capital 
first print the list and then remove the city which is not a capital city and print again


4)  Seeing the World: Think of at least five places in the world you’d like to visit.
Store the locations in a list. Make sure the list is not in alphabetical order.
Print your list in its original order. Don’t worry about printing the list neatly, just print it as a raw Python list.
Use sorted() to print your list in alphabetical order without modifying the actual list.
Show that your list is still in its original order by printing it.
Use sorted() to print your list in reverse alphabetical order without changing the order of the original list.
Show that your list is still in its original order by printing it again.
Use reverse() to change the order of your list. Print the list to show that its order has changed.
Use reverse() to change the order of your list again. Print the list to show it’s back to its original order.
Use sort() to change your list so it’s stored in alphabetical order. Print the list to show that its order has been changed.
Use sort() to change your list so it’s stored in reverse alphabetical order. Print the list to show that its order has changed.


5. Dinner Guests: Working with one of the programs from previous homework,
use len() to print a message indicating the number of people you are inviting to dinner.

6. Pizzas: Think of at least three kinds of your favorite pizza. 
Store these pizza names in a list, and then use a for loop to print the name of each pizza.
Modify your for loop to print a sentence using the name of the pizza instead of printing just the name of the pizza. 
For each pizza you should have one line of output containing a simple statement like I like pepperoni pizza.
Add a line at the end of your program, outside the for loop, that states how much you like pizza. 
The output should consist of three or more lines about the kinds of 
pizza you like and then an additional sentence, such as I really love pizza!

7. Animals: Think of at least three different animals that have a common characteristic. 
Store the names of these animals in a list, and then use a for loop to print out the name of each animal.
Modify your program to print a statement about each animal, 
such as A dog would make a great pet.
Add a line at the end of your program stating what these animals have in common. 
You could print a sentence such as Any of these animals would make a great pet!
